 Student Academic Performance Prediction In Virtual Learning Environment Using Stacking



People are now trying to figure out how to make the most of the interactive learning environment's features. The interactive learning environment has evolved into a learning environment in and of itself, rather than merely a tool to aid the learning system. However, Process, the instructor now has trouble handling the teacher's actions and the teaching materials as a result of the learning transition. There is data that can be used as a benchmark for learners and the interaction between virtual learning experiences. The abundance of open educational data made possible by technology-enhanced learning platforms opens up possibilities for mining students' learning behaviour, addressing their concerns, strengthening the educational climate, and facilitating data-driven decision- making. Students' learning experiences, as well as their reflection and commitment to their respective outcomes, are measured and recorded using powerful datasets provided by digital learning environments. This project uses clickstream data from a virtual learning environment to construct an ensemble model based on a collection of unique handcrafted features. The use of legacy data and data related to assessment has a significant impact on the model, according to new results, which are consistent with previous studies. Students that are interested in obtaining information from previous lectures are studied in order to show greater efficacy. The use of ensemble technique, stacking to predict PASS-FAIL is suggested in this work. This work aims to assist institutions in developing an appropriate system for pedagogical support, thus promoting higher education decision-making in the direction of long-term education.
